But you never thought of the a redundant umbrella.
Most AWS services are either inherently redundant or can be configured to be redundant.
It will be important that you learn to recognize which
services come redundant by default and which do not.
Most services have a varying degree of redundancy.
You can make cost versus benefit decisions for your use case.
Sometimes, high availability is absolutely critical.
Sometimes, it's just nice to have,
and sometimes it's unnecessary.
Costs often plays a factor in these decisions.
To have a service run in a ultra redundant, active,
active multi-region configuration always cost more
than running it on a single application server in one availability zone.
There are circumstances for both.
You must decide and be able to justify that decision.
Also, consider what is required for a given use case.